This is readme file for the Streaming App.

The .gitignore file is generated by the help

We are currently using:
1. *nodemon* for managing our server. We can also use *nodekeeper* or node built-in functionality *--watch-path* flag.
2. *prettier* for code style in development phase. 
3. *CORS* for controlling CORS.
4. *cookie-parser* for parsing cookies

CORS :
1. CORS 1.0.6 is a npm package that provides an Express middleware to enable CORS.
2. We can define CORS using express().use(cors({origin : *})). The *origin : \** will let all requests to access your host server.

#### .env
1. There's two types of token that we are going to use :
    + Access Token : An access token is a short-lived *key* for accessing specific resources, like a digital ticket for a single event. They aren't generally stored in database.
    + Referesh Token : A refresh token is a longer-lived *master key* used to obtain new *access tokens* when the current one expires, allowing users to stay authenticated without re-entering credentials. They are stored in database.

#### Middlewares
1. Pre (https://mongoosejs.com/docs/middleware.html#pre)
    + Using this, some function/code can be executed just before the user's data get stored.

#### Pagination
+ Using mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2 for pagination.

#### Encryption
+ Using bcrypt for encryption of our passwords. 
+ bcryptjs is also used for encryption.

#### [JSON Web Token](https://www.jwt.io/introduction#what-is-json-web-token)
+ jsonwebtoken (JWT) is used for securely transmitting data.
+ It is commonly used for authorization or information exchange.
+ Once the user is logged in, each subsequent request will include the JWT, allowing the user to access data that are permitted with that token.
+ JSON Web Tokens consist of three parts separated by dots (.), which are:
    + **Header** : The header typically consists of two parts: the *type of the token*, which is JWT, and the *signing algorithm being used*, such as HMAC SHA256 or RSA.
    + **Payload** : The second part of the token is the payload, which contains the *claims*. 
        + **Claims** are statements about an entity (typically, the user) and additional data. 
        There are three types of claims: **registered**, **public**, and **private** claims.
    + **Signature** : To create the signature part you have to take the encoded header, the encoded payload, a secret, the algorithm specified in the header, and sign that.
        + The signature is used to verify the message wasn't changed along the way.
        + In the case of tokens signed with a private key, it can also verify that the sender of the JWT is who it says it is.

#### HTTPs response status codes
1. Informational responses (100 - 199)
2. Successful responses    (200 - 299)
3. Redirectional responses (300 - 399)
4. Client error responses  (400 - 499)
5. Server error responses  (500 - 599)